fixed 1 finding
warning: bound `Alloc` on `C` is not used by this function [unused-context-bound]
  --> lib/label/stamp.buri:24:19
   |
24 | export fn note<C: Alloc // it will allocate once the sink is real
   |                   ^^^^^
   |
   = a bound on a context parameter is a demand made of every caller — it says the function needs that capability, and one the body never exercises makes callers hold a capability for nothing
   = fix: remove the bound

     A ctx parameter says a function touches the world; its bounds say which
     parts of it. fn save<C: Alloc + Fs>(ctx: C, …) reads as "this allocates and
     this writes files", and every caller has to be holding a context that can
     do both. A bound the body never exercises makes that sentence false in the
     direction that costs the most: it is a demand on the caller for a
     capability the code does not use, and it spreads, because the caller's own
     signature has to carry the bound to satisfy it.

     There are exactly three ways a body uses a bound, and each of them is a
     call:

     A method the bound declares, called on the context. ctx.println(…) resolves
     through C's bound list — that is the only place a method on a type
     parameter can come from — so the bound that declares the method is used.

     A callee that asks for one of its own. str.format(ctx, …) instantiates
     format's own type parameter at C, and format's bounds become demands on C.
     Every bound the callee names is used; the ones it does not name are not.

     A function-typed parameter. render(ctx, label), where render: fn(C, Str) =>
     Str, hands the whole context to code this function cannot see. So it uses
     every bound: the callback was written against C as declared, and nothing
     here can say which parts of it the callback reaches.

     Nothing else is a use. A bound is a demand, and the checker consults a type
     parameter's bound list in exactly two places — when it resolves a method on
     a receiver of that type, and when it discharges the obligation an
     instantiation raised. Both are calls, and both are written down in the
     checked tree.

     What is not asked
     ─────────────────

     A method supplied by an `impl` is not asked. Its generics must match the
     trait's declaration bound for bound, so an implementation cannot drop one;
     if a bound is dead there, it is dead on the trait, and that is the trait's
     question.

     A function with no body is not asked. A trait method's signature, an
     effect's operation and the standard library's intrinsic declarations
     describe what an implementation will be handed, and there is no body to
     read.

     A parameter that is not a context is not asked. The rule looks at the type
     parameter the ctx parameter is declared at, and only where at least one of
     its bounds is an effect. A T: Eq on ordinary data is a different question
     with a different answer.

     A body that did not check is not asked. Unlike unused-context, which can
     fall back to the text because a context has exactly one spelling, a bound
     has none: it is used through method names it declares and through callees
     whose own bounds name it, and neither is a token the lexer can recognise as
     this bound. Where the typed tree is truncated, the evidence is gone and the
     rule says nothing.

     The fix
     ───────

     Delete the bound. Unlike a ctx parameter, a bound needs no call site to be
     touched, and that is not an accident: a bound is something the function
     demands of its callers, and dropping a demand cannot break one. So the edit
     stays inside the declaration, and it is offered whether or not the name is
     on the library's surface.

     The bytes are per parameter, not per bound. A bound list is one piece of
     text with shared separators — the ranges that delete Fs and Io from <C:
     Alloc + Fs + Io> both claim the + between them — so removing several is one
     rewrite rather than several. Every finding about one parameter carries that
     same rewrite, buri lint --fix applies it once, and the run after it is
     clean.

     The bytes are withheld where the text between the bounds is anything but
     the separators: a comment written inside a bound list is a reader's
     sentence about the code, and this deletes text rather than reformatting it.

